DOC-2238 add note and known limitation for OLM form view (#2563)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/release-notes/6-4-2-releases/k8s-6-4-2-4.md

## Known limitations

> * REC creation fails in form view on OperatorHub. (RED-100517)

Reviewer: Let's highlight that this is OpenShift only (not everyone knows what OperatorHub mean).
Maybe:

> REC creation via OpenShift's OperatorHub form view fails.

> * REC creation fails in form view on OperatorHub. (RED-100517)

Reviewer: Here too: _fails_ --> _might fail_

> * REC creation fails in form view on OperatorHub. (RED-100517)

Author: ```suggestion
* REC creation might fail in form view on OperatorHub. (RED-100517)
```
